and even go by Sam Sam bleep no we don't
call EXN we do back okay I'm gonna come
back and a half with Hannegan ah but
Panhandle it'll be hung and half the
time say one ruin Anna by one atomic
alibi
seifuku ha yeah movie nothi say I'm
woody on fire oh panting my buck Oh
play dumb and oh okay come on come on
bang animal-type n na Mele yeah that's a
pen bad mess up an academy Omaha meet
Lou we canõt pocket up in Bernie America
18 in common did I swing um
Oh bug on him I'm super da man careful
it's not hot I'm lying me hi
aha we confronted in Dominica piss on it
no Mina
that's humble time one fall out Simon
bought you could have the dinosaur
lapdog nothing
come now like I left white one tsunami
he'll set down come wipe in a hand down
yeah
hands up on you in say one look on
psychically